SHOTZ.DCK
---------

AROS version of Super Hot Z disassembler by Ray Kingsley. It can access to all
Timex memory banks. This cartridge is AROS type auto-boot.

There are four modes, read, assemble, hexedit and single step. Press Extended
mode and "H" for help. The read screen is the default screen and its help
screen will tell you how to access the other screens except for step mode for
which you need to access the assemble mode help screen to see.

The program always initializes looking at Home bank code in the read mode. The
bank that is displayed on the screen can be determined by the value displayed
in the middle of the line of equal signs near the top of the screen. You can
change the chunk spec for the upper 4 chunks with machine code in the single
stepper mode or you can change the active chunks for each of the eight chunks
by specifying a value at the "DISB" variable. To access this variable, just
type in caps, DISB in the read mode. This will take you to the correct
address. The first value is the chunk spec with bits for the HOME bank chunks
set High. You must be very careful which chunk are set low because you can
page out the machine stack and your program will crash. You won't have to
worry about where your SHOTZ code is located because it will continue to
operate no matter which bank of code it is loaded in. Value FC can generally
be used FC to set the first two chunks to the DOCK bank or EXROM bank. The
next value will determine which bank of memory you will look at on the screen.
Enter 00 for DOCK, FE for EXROM or FF for HOME bank. To do this, you should go
to hex edit mode by pressing the symbol shift key and the "A" key. That will
take you to assemble mode. Next press the symbol shift key and the "G" key to
take you to Hex edit mode.

It is possible to change the displayed bank by changing the value in the
middle of the equal signs but we don't know the series of key strokes to do
this. It is also possible to transfer code between banks of memory and again,
we don't remember how without studying it a while.

